all right so this is the January 31st
edition of the ipfs community working
group call so we're gonna do kind of the
usual we'll start with a round of
updates from folks in the working group
and see what they've been up to do you
want to get us started Portia sure
that's why I'm still writing it I can go
first if you'd rather whatever oh no
worries so what I've done um there is a
PR out for the ipfs weekly alert bar so
the gist of it is there'll be an alert
bar that appears in the site two hours
before the actual call and a link to the
actual call the zoom looted actual call
that won't just be for the ipfs a weekly
call we have a lot of community calls so
I'm still trying to figure out like
which calls would also get an alert bar
because we don't want alert bar
perpetually on the site because we have
so many calls right um let's see I
finished an outline for guideline for
new contributors so I might have
mentioned this last week we already have
a guideline for contributors it is it
has a lot of detail it's very good but
it can be intimidating for people who
want to contribute for the first time so
we're going to create so I'm going to
create a guide for contributors and just
like distill our contributor guide our
contributor guy that we have now into
like the most important steps you need
to get started um it'll have a list of
good first issue tickets it'll also have
a list of tickets that are not technical
and mentors will be available to help
with some tickets and of course to reach
us an IRC
let's see what else starting Berlin
protocool chapter beginning stages of
organizing proto school in Berlin Thank
You Thierry for your help in this of
course and your aim and the next proto
school event should be in late February
early March and total school in Berlin
will fall under the umbrella of the ipfs
Berlin meetup and I found two new
presenters for the ipfs we call the
first one is actually part of our call
which is Kevin Wong thank you Kevin for
volunteering Kevin will talk about
fostering the ipfs community in Hong
Kong March force we're very interested
to hear your insight and what and what
you've experienced on the ground we will
also hear from kale teacher and he will
talk about IP FS in enterprise and so
let's see give me one moment and things
that I'm blocked on I have a Jenkins era
for my pull request and the things that
I will be working on next week I'll be
focusing more and then new contributor
guide and that's that will be my main
focus and also I want to be able to get
a chance to land that PR so the PR for
the weekly alert bar so that we all know
when we're about to have IP FS weekly
call and that's it for me and that's I
think we talked about that last time
it's on like the main ipfs website it
would appear at the bottom yeah it's on
the IP main ipfs website on the homepage
nice alright so I will scrolling okay I
think I'm the only one on here so uh I
have a few protocol updates which we can
treat us what I've done updates and
protocol announcements for exciting
stuff in the community so one of the
things that you've probably already
noticed if your chapter organizers that
we have stickers available and with the
proto school logo that chapter leaders
can request and give out at proto school
events so the ordering process is
documented in a pinned issue there's a
link to that in the meeting notes here
but I'm also working on read organizing
the proto school organizing repo which
will include a resources page so right
now we have a lot of instructions around
chapter set up but we don't have a lot
about okay well now you have your repo
what's next what do I do
where do I get help so I made a new
document there that will have
suggestions like how to get advice from
fellow organizers or how to order those
stickers or where to find logo files
those will be available in the
organizing repo moving forward so that's
the kind of stuff that will be in there
I'm just waiting for a review on that
pull request and the other thing that's
important for people to note is that
we're going to be implementing
two-factor authentication on the proto
school github org which is sort of an
oversight on our part as we got it set
up which means now we need to make sure
that all of our most of the folks who
are members of that work now are the
chapter organizers so making sure that
everybody has the two-factor
authentication enabled on their personal
account
there's an issue there where you can
learn more about that change and get
tips if you haven't used to FFA before
and you're worried about it feel free to
ask the other people in that channel
what they use submit those
authentication procedures and then we
have as usual I've been working on
helping people get a new chapter set up
so we have Beijing we have Schengen if
I'm not butchering that which Kevin
volunteered to do and DC those are all
live on our website and then we're
working on Berlin Munich Shanghai in
Phoenix they're still working and
getting their repos set up so that they
can get added to the website so there
are some links here if anyone's
interested in looking at the current
chapter list or what requests or
progress setting up a new chapter feel
free to find those thanks for you the
only thing I think I'm really blocked on
at the moment is just the PR for that
organizing repo update and then next up
on my list is trying to dig into that
proto school tutorial on the file API so
if anyone would like to share some
feedback on the structure of it I laid
out an initial proposal of what I
thought would make sense to cover like
they could different commands you'd
learn etc so you can find a link to that
there and then Michael already built
theirs there's this whole element of
like getting the browser to work with
files at all so like we need the files
to get uploaded and then the user to
mess around with them using these
commands so Michael already has a PR
work in progress PR opens that adds that
functionality and I'm continuing to
build on that PR as I build the lessons
themselves
there's link there if you want to keep
an eye out for that I know I told you
all I wouldn't be here this week I got
sick so I'm only making half of my trip
to Brussels so I actually need to head
to the airport shortly so I will be out
until Tuesday for Fossum so it'll be
kind of a slower response time than
usual for me and these are the updates I
see on here but does anyone else have
any news they wanted to share in the
community Rob sure I guess I could go so
in just a couple weeks here we're gonna
have the big eath Denver
and I know I'm planning ipfs proto
school meet-up of some kind here at
least one before that actually happens
so do we fund to get some more eyeballs
on what's what we're doing here and I
was talking with Jesse about getting
stickers on board I hadn't heard back
yet but I know I've got some at least
ipfs schwag did I'll be able to pass
around which will be a lot of fun and
that's exciting yeah that's great
I don't don't hesitate to send another
message on that thread to just double
check that he's it sounded like he was
all over it but we can just triple check
that he's added those to the plan for
you and I don't know if you spotted it
but I added um I add an issue to the
organizing repo to just be at Michael's
suggestion to just be kind of a place
for people to share their experience
hosting their first event and kind of
what challenges they ran into or what
works really well for them so if you
have some time to kick that off with a
comment whenever you have a chance scan
that would be awesome for people to see
what you've been doing a lot of people
have open issues right now to start
planning their events there in the world
sounds good yeah and I can also kind of
give a sense of what I'd like to do here
in the next week then definitely thanks
yeah thank you
anyone else have anything I want to
share yeah I actually got a question for
the stickers as well I just send the
request for the stickers and then do I
get every pie from from the email so
just that's my assumption I'll
double-check with the person who gave me
those instructions and just make sure
that that's the process what I would
have expected is that they'd reply and
say yep I'm on it so I'll double check
and make sure that that's that's being
monitored yeah and I'm actually thank
you for the opening this ascension
report for me as well it is from our
last ipfs made up a lot of people from
joining the actually attend
as well and then I find out no one
actually is initiate to start - Anton
photo school so that's why I think it's
a good approach to like gather everyone
because we are just across the border so
that's why yeah we want you to do it
like to grow the community as well and
we will probably have our next I pee FS
middle Hong Kong in the late February so
we gather with the photo school as well
cool great you're gonna try out some of
those tutorials yes yeah yeah anyone
else I do have one question about the
ipfs Meetup I know that there's a pro
account and I inquired as to if it'd be
possible to get on that list I hadn't
heard anything back about that yeah as
well I saw that email go through so I
can ping I know one of those two people
that he forwarded to is travelling right
now so I'll um I can help thank people
internally to make sure they're on it
cool sounds good I did have one last
question I'm wondering though most of my
connections are here in the the
blockchain related communities yeah what
do you guys have success in terms of
people who would be kind of interested
behind what protocol protocol abs is
generally about because I'd like to
expand the community more in general
when I talk to blockchain folks in
Berlin many of their applications use
ipfs like if you want something that's
completely distributed where you're not
serving your assets from AWS like ipfs
is a really good solution um what can be
slightly frustrating is some of these
organ of some of these projects they
don't talk as much about how much they
use ipfs what I mean if you ask them and
you talk to them it's definitely like
just part of their stack in time serving
um with disturbing information info and
serving files and surveying assets
second write experience yeah so I see a
lot of that as well
just wondering if you guys have anything
in general like different tech
communities in general that you've seen
this more highlighted and like I know
some of the IOT community in particular
kind of gets interested by this stuff
but I don't know if you have any other
suggestions I might start poker either
I guess my other guests would be you
know like I associate something like
that with this scientific research kind
of community so there's that you know if
you think about maybe not everyone is
interested for these reasons but groups
that are like more interested in privacy
security dealing with censorship issues
um yeah I haven't done enough
exploration yet in this space but I
guess what I would if it were me and I
didn't know groups in my area honestly I
think I'd be like hopping on Meetup and
searching for like ipfs decentralized
dad and just seeing if any of it is
coming up even within like groups maybe
it's just coming up as like one talk
within a group that's more like industry
focused or something yeah yeah yeah I
think that's a really good suggestion
and just like going to meetups in person
and just talking about my PFS and many
people know what IPF is like the mesh
community people who are interested in
security they are really they know about
ipfs and if you're looking for a
non-technical community I've noticed
many journalists know about ipfs
journalists who like care about privacy
yeah yeah well there's that censorship
angle with the journalism too right yeah
like I believe um two years ago there
was a nun it was an activist group in
Turkey that had their own version of
Wikipedia using ipfs so that's just one
out of like several examples of people
using ipfs as a way to circumvent
censorship
okay well that's all great ideas guys
thank you so much now we are definitely
actively doing a lot of those things to
reach out great
oh I won thing that I'm gonna be doing
this weekend while I'm at FOSDEM is
giving another little intro to school to
people who might be interested in ipfs
and I'm hoping since we'll have people
from around around Europe I imagine at
that event hopefully we will hit people
in a variety of postal codes who are
interested in leading chapters all right
I don't think we have anything else
specific that we wanted to hit on the
agenda today did anybody have something
else I wanted to make sure we talked
about all right in that case I vote
sorry
oh that's everything from my end okay
yeah in that case let's take our reclaim
our 11 minutes today use them use them
well everyone we will see you next week
awesome thank you bye everyone